c:\users\joeltva\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\joeltva\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe
c:\users\joeltva\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.pdb
c:\users\joeltva\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe
c:\users\joeltva\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.pdb
c:\users\joeltva\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\joeltva\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\joeltva\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\joeltva\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\joeltva\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\LS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\joeltva\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\joeltva\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\LS.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\JOELTVA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\LS.View.LunchSwitchProgram.resources
C:\Users\JOELTVA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\LS.View.LunchSwitchStartpage.resources
C:\Users\JOELTVA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LS\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe.config
C:\Users\JOELTVA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LS\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe
C:\Users\JOELTVA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LS\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\amand_000\Source\Repos\LS\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe.config
C:\Users\amand_000\Source\Repos\LS\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe
C:\Users\amand_000\Source\Repos\LS\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\JOELTVA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LS\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe
C:\Users\JOELTVA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LS\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\JOELTVA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LS\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\JOELTVA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LS\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\JOELTVA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LS\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\JOELTVA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LS\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\JOELTVA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LS\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\LS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\JOELTVA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LS\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\JOELTVA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LS\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\LS.View.LunchSwitchProgram.resources
C:\Users\JOELTVA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LS\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\LS.View.LunchSwitchStartpage.resources
C:\Users\JOELTVA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LS\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\LS.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
